# 0bsnetwork Platform Features

**Instantaneous, Real-time Transactions**. Unlike on Bitcoin and Ethereum networks, you never have to wait for 20, 40 or 180 minutes for your transactions to be processed and confirmed by the network. 0bsnetwork can process hundreds of transactions per second. Bitcoin network can process 3-7 and Ethereum 15-22 transactions per second. If you have a business to run, you don't have the luxury of asking your customers to wait for an hour to make sure that a transaction has been cleared by the system. If you want to sell products or services using a blockchain, the transactions need to be approved up to a second after they've been sent. 0bsnetwork enables exactly that.

**Easy and affordable Token Creation.** Tokenize your project, or business: create asset or utility tokens, in under a minute and at a very affordable cost, with no coding or smart contract development needed. You only need to come up with a token name and description, decide how many you want to issue and whether it will be a fixed supply, or you want to be able to re-issue more of the same tokens in the future, how many decimals you want your token to have, pay the fee in 0bsCoin and click "Create". Your token is ready, transferrable to any address on the 0bsnetwork and even better - it is immediately tradeable on the built-in decentralized exchange.

**Mass Transactions**. If you want to distribute funds to a number of addresses at the same time, use the built-in mass transaction functionality. You can send funds to hundreds of addresses at the same time, for a much lower fee than if you were sending these transactions individually. Not to mention saving time and manual effort. Mass transactions are perfect, for example, to conduct an airdrop of your newly created token, distribute winnings to gamers, or to distribute rewards to users of your token, or salaries to your team, etc.

**Smart Accounts**. 2-factor authorisation, time-delayed release of funds, multi-signature accounts, escrow, trust and similar services are all easily achievable by our smart account functionality.

**Data Transactions**. Unlike on Ethereum, to store and process data on the 0bsnetwork, you don't need to develop, test and audit smart contracts. Data transactions are a built in, native feature of our blockchain platform. Ideal for real world business applications, such as supply chain management, document certification, logistics tracking, IoT platforms and hundreds of other applications where digital signing, transparency, immutability and decentralization are required or good to have. Data transactions can also be used for the provision of Oracle services.

**Decentralized Exchange**. Fast, feature-rich and secure decentralized exchange is built right into the 0bsnetwork platform and the client software. Whether you've created your own coin and want to make it tradeable against Bitcoin and Ethereum, Euros or Dollars, or you are a professional trader, you'll find the built in exchange offers all the functionality of the most popular cryptocurrency exchanges with far lower costs and with no risk whatsoever of your funds being stolen from the exchange. Because, unlike traditional exchanges, on the 0bsnetwork your funds are never held by the exchange - all transactions happen directly wallet-to-wallet.

**Cryptocurrency Gateways**. 0bsnetwork is inter-operable with other cryptocurrency blockchains. You can transact and trade Bitcoin, Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies \(the list will grow with time\) on the 0bsnetwork through two-way gateways in the initial phase. We are working on atomic swaps, as the next step in the development of blockchain inter-operability.

**Fiat Gateways.** You can purchase 0bsCoins using Euros and other fiat currencies \(the list will grow with time\), as well as withdraw fiat currencies to your bank account, using our two-way fiat gateways.

